okay before we get started with the
video i just want to point out that the
academic planner that i released last
month
is actually now going to be available as
a pdf download it will be available
from 5 p.m on thursday good morning
today is my
second full day back at university and
welcome back to
another of the daily university vlogs
for the next two weeks i'm going to be
vlogging every single day
so this morning blakely and i got up and
made
apple porridge together this is what it
looked like it was delicious
and it's now quarter past nine
and i'm going to get started on my to do
for the day it's sunday and
so um the academic year starts tomorrow
but
i don't have any classes till tuesday
also quick outfit of the day
bowdoin slippers hollister skirt and
h m top which i've had since i was 14.
[Music]
so i used my academic planner this
morning to plan my day
and whilst i was doing that i was just
uploading a video which i needed to put
up
[Music]
okay so the first thing i'm going to do
right now is go through all of my
axed emails and make a document
basically summarizing all the
information because
so much key information has come through
since friday and
i don't want to accidentally miss
anything so kind of taking minutes of
the emails
seems like a good idea i think dunno i'm
just gonna do this on google drive
what do i do on nation i'm gonna do it
on notion
i lit a candle and i cannot get over the
novelty of being able to light candles
in my university room it's
pretty amazing i've got to say
okay that's a really long time it's now
10 30 and i've gone through all of those
emails literally there were so many and
they were really confusing
yeah i've gone through those oh actually
there was one more which like was really
weird and i meant to come back to it
i don't know there was like this
document oh yeah i saved it
that's good i saved this document
because i was already confused by the
email and i can't seem to find the email
which is weird you're probably not
wondering but
this is the document that i was making
so
i just i just made little toggles
where for each email i put the key
information so take that off my to-do
list
at 12 i'm going to meet my friend julia
for a picnic
but i need to get quite a few things
done before then so i
am going to do some work for my
theatrical module which is pre-module
work
and start reading the play which i need
through tuesday
then i went on to doing some studying so
this week we were doing the spanish
tragedy in our theatricals module i just
went through
and wrote up the learning objectives
which were on ali because
it would just be really useful to have
all of this in one place and
then i got up a summary actually at the
play i like to look at summaries of
plays before i
read them that's just personal
preference so i got up a summary and
i wrote a summary of the summary
because this play was actually very
complicated like all of the names
are really long and just difficult to
remember and so
this was just useful to do i like to go
i wanted to go into the play with a
really solid
foundation and understanding of the plot
so that i could pick up on key themes
earlier on and make those parallels
i'm just using a chrome extension called
b note
[Music]
right here which basically allows you to
annotate web pages it's
so useful for students
beautiful beautiful day today i'm
currently walking to
cathedral green i'm meeting my friend
julia she's my
she was my kind of one of my first
friends at university and
she's lovely i went into town next i
went to the cathedral to cathedral green
to meet
julia for picnic as i said we were
sitting amongst the pigeons and
i wasn't cautioning my mask
[Music]
yay i'm here with julia
okay i'm back now and i've changed into
this top
it's pretty much the only short sleeve
top i brought with me i only packed
winter stuff and now it's like 23
degrees
so i am actually tempted to maybe like
buy a short sleeve top um i don't want
to buy any clothes because i've got
stuff at home
but i really am not equipped
so i might see if i can find something
online because i don't really want to go
into a code shop
so i went and picked up a few more food
essentials after seeing julia
um because i didn't have anything in for
dinner i had no veggies in so i got some
beetroot a potato i got two white onions
some tomatoes is the only ones they had
in plastic so i just sprayed down the
food i got with dettol this just
makes me feel like safer about putting
it in the fridge because obviously
it's been on the side in supermarkets
all right all of this is stuff i need to
put away
so this is our little kitchen area if
you haven't seen it already
um here's my collapsible tupperware
which i just used today
um we've got a little like piff and nut
station here because we both like pippin
nuts
yeah it's just very nice so then
basically this bit is my bit
and that bits blake needs and then
the rest of the kitchen is shared so i'm
just going to pop all of this
in here yeah i put away all of the
kitchen stuff this didn't take that long
actually
i'd been putting it off a little bit but
my box had just been sitting there in
the kitchen i definitely needed to get
it done
as you can see as i'm going along i'm
just doing washing up because
um having had the things in the box i
just wanted to make sure
they were clean before putting them in
the cupboard because they could have
like picked up dust and things in the
car
[Music]
okay this is my food cupboard as you can
see i've just put some tea up here and
both of us have also got these crates so
that we can do
like uh so these are kind of my snacks
and those are blake news snacks uh which
is
quite nice just for us to put the food
in that is more our own
all right the kitchen's all sorted and
everything's packed away
um now i'm just going to get back on to
doing some studying the first thing i'm
gonna do
is not academic though i wrote some
notes on these sticky notes on the front
of this book can you let me this and i
want to give it back
i just want to type these up into on
notion
i have a section for book reflections
and so i'm just going to write these up
this is something i've recently got into
doing and i really really do recommend
it it's such a great way to keep track
of all of your reflections of books and
make sure that you don't forget your key
thoughts
and just basically encourage you to
think critically and engage critically
with the material you read
[Music]
there we go i've just written up all my
thoughts here
and that means i can take these
off
uh next i went on to actually starting
reading the spanish tragedy
if you're wondering i'm using kindle at
the moment it's like the
application you can get on your laptop
and
it is honestly incredible it's my
favorite thing
to use when taking notes because you can
color code you can take notes really
easily
and you can search your notes so i would
have very highly recommend for english
students
then blakely and i went to made dinner
blakely made this wonderful chickpea
curry
and i contributed these potato wedges
which were very good
listen to the crunch then we watch the
lectures on the spanish tragedy together
then after watching the lectures we just
discussed them for a little bit
[Music]
all right it's now like 20 past 10
and blakely and i just watched the three
lectures
plus like this hour-long talk that we
needed to watch for theatricals
which is a model we're both doing so
watched all those and
now i need to finish reading that play i
don't think i'm going to finish it by
the morning but
i'm just going to read that for like 40
minutes and i think i'll probably get
about half maybe i think i'll maybe read
about 50 to 60
of it before then okay i'm gonna go do
that now and i will see you in the
morning thank you for watching and i
hope that you have a productive week
[Music]
you